Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hey. Nate. look.
Look. Look to your left.
Your left.
-- Other left.
-- Yeah. other left.
Yeah. that's cornfields.
And they go on for miles
and miles and miles.
What is that voice?
I'm so sorry for your loss.
I have two kids myself.
Not twins. but...
Thank you.
Look. I know it's none
of my business.
but this isn't a good deal
for you.
I know Realtors that can get you
a much better price.
I'm sorry.
Are we going to do this or not?
Or should we go somewhere else?
Okay.
Just sign here.
Where was it that
you're moving again?
Honey?
We can still turn back.
No.
Hey. buddy. wake up.
We're here.
Whoa!
Hey. you can look around.
but I need you
to stay close. okay?
-I need to be able to see you.
-Okay.
All right.
You know. you can watch him
too sometimes.
Yeah.
I never thought
I'd see this again.
I have a good feeling
about this. Rach.
It's going to be
a good year for us.
I'm happy if you are.
Don't say that.
I want to make you happy.
Well. that's easy.
If Elliot's happy.
then I'm happy.
Elliot?
Elliot.
- Elliot?
-- Elliot?!
-- Elliot!
Mom!
Elliot?
You can't just run off
like that.
Do you hear me?!
Do you see the dangers around?
Mom. you're hurting me.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Mom.
I swear.
You scared me.
What were you doing out here?
I see.
Okay. Well. we'll try
and get it fixed.
I'm sorry. Mom.
Oh. wait!
Here. Here.
- No. Mom. no.
Let's go find my room.
- Okay.
I'll be there in a minute.
- Yeah. kitchen.
Everything in the kitchen.
It's written on the boxes.
Yeah. up there.
-No. no. back up.
Everything up the stairs. yeah.
Thanks.
I'll show you.
- Rachel.
What's wrong?
This used to be some sort
of local rectory. so...
Elliot?
- Mom. come here.
I'm upstairs.
Where?
- Mom.
Elliot?
Elliot.
You scared me.
You want to give me
a heart attack?
Mom. I want this to be my room.
Oh. Really?
Can I have it?
Ah. okay.
Well. why don't we talk to Dad?
-- Yeah. Okay.
-- Yeah. yeah? Okay.
Looks like we have guests.
They left already?
Yeah. Sorry.
It's a long walk home.
But we got invited
to a welcome party.
You'll meet them all there.
Okay.
All right.
You know.
you can change your mind.
You don't have to sleep here.
Well. Dad and Mom are just
down those stairs.
If you want to
come sleep with us.
-Okay.
-- Okay.
Big kiss.
And one for Nathan too.
I love you. little man.
Sweet dreams.
- Mom?
You and Dad. do you love me
as much as you loved Nathan?
Of course we do.
You know that Dad and I.
we really -- we really
just miss Nate right now.
The same way you do.
But you don't ever have to worry
about that.
Okay.
Hey.
Do you know that you can tell me
absolutely anything?
Okay.
Why did we leave Nate there
in the ground?
Oh. sweetheart.
We didn't leave him.
He is always with us.
Always.
Who'd we bury. then?
Elliot.
How do you have this?
Where did you find this?
Can I keep it?
Please?
I'm sure he'd want you
to have it.
You just take good care of it.
Okay?
So now he wants a bed
for Nathan.
And I may have
promised him that.
Isn't that exactly what
we were not supposed to do?
What's the point
of even being here
if you're gonna give in to him
right away?
I'm sorry.
What should I have done. then?
Said. "Oh. Elliot. don't dwell
on your brother.
-He's dead"?
-You know I didn't mean that.
But it is what you want.
- No.
What I want is for us
to feel better.
Good night.
Hey.
Come here.
It's okay.
That dream again?
Mm-hmm.
Want to talk about it?
There's nothing new to say.
I'm the only one
who can hear him screaming.
They all think I'm crazy.
Then they try to hold me back.
But I have to see him
for myself.
And then when I finally
get the lid open...
...and see him...
Nathan?
Elliot.
...he's so pale...
...so beautiful.
I don't know what I'd do
if I lost him too.
- Wait.
This too.
-- Hurry up!
-- Okay.
-- Let's go!
-- All right.
-- Mom! Dad!
-- I'm coming.
Yeah. when I was a kid.
my father used to take me
out here.
and he said
that the red handprints
were put there like thousands
and thousands of years ago
by cavemen or something.
And legend has it
that if you put your hand
against one of the handprints
and make a wish.
it'll come true.
You said you wanted green.
I've got the blue.
Okay.
Now are you ready for this?
In three. two. one.
Ka-splash!
Oh. no!
All my cars got knocked down.
I like you too.
You are my best friend
in the whole entire world.
-Okay.
-Hey.
I crashed all your cars.
I'll let you have some of them.
Who are you talking to?
Destruction!
- Hey.
Elliot?
Hello?
One sec.
- Hey.
Rach.
This man is taking care of me
more than my mother. right?
It's nice to meet you.
-I'll be back in a minute. okay?
-Okay. Yeah.
You don't like this.
Excuse me?
The party.
I don't either.
Just here to piss everyone off.
really.
I'm Helen.
Rachel.
You speak English?
Yeah.
Most folks around here do.
They just don't want to.
But I'm not from here.
Your husband.
Wow.
He's something else. isn't he?
The pride of the town
with "Tip of the Spear."
Oh. you think people
have read it here?
Read it?
They're living it.
Oh.
They don't like me
talking to you.
Have you seen the outside?
It's quite beautiful.
-No.
-Come on.
I don't bite.
My deepest condolences. Rachel.
Such a horrible.
horrible accident.
Yeah.
I didn't want to stay
in that house.
Everything reminded me of him.
Then Anthony always wanted
to come back here
and try to start writing again.
so...
So it wasn't your idea
to move here.
Yeah.
We made the decision together.
And you're a photographer?
Oh.
Well. I used to be.
Oh. Well. maybe I could ask you
to take some.
Oh. I. um -- I don't actually
photograph people.
Uh. just architecture.
Buildings. shapes.
that sort of thing.
Shall we sit?
You know. I-I should probably
get back to my son.
but thank you.
Listen.
I'm not crazy.
Okay?
All the others are.
Please.
Okay.
It doesn't matter.
As long as...
Uh...
Have you seen
where Rachel's gone?
I dreamed about you. Rachel.
About your son.
Pardon me?
He has made a wish.
And it has been granted.
- Rach?
I must go.
Please take my card.
I hope to see you again.
- Rach?
Hey. There you are.
- Hey.
You were wanted.
Oh. great.
Because your wedding
wasn't held here...
...we're celebrating it now.
What does he mean by that?
What?
It's a ceremonial wedding swing.
Come on.
- I'm not getting on that.
Absolutely not.
No. I'll stay with Elliot.
It's a wedding swing.
Go on. Mom.
Yay. All right.
Okay.
When I say stop. you stop it.
- Of course. They'll look
after Elliot. Don't worry.
It's going too high.
Please try and enjoy it.
Just hold on.
It's okay.
Anthony. I don't like this.
It's fine!
It's okay!
Nate.
Elliot.
-- It's fine.
-Elliot!
Elliot's fine.
Elliot!
Where did he go?
- Hey.
Rach?
Stop the swing!
It's okay.
Hurry up!
- Mom.
You found me.
- Don't ever run off
like that again.
Promise?
I want to sleep in my own bed.
This is your bed. silly.
Okay.
Good night.
I should have warned you
something like that
might have happened.
These people have just been
waiting for us for so long.
Waiting for you. not us.
I get it.
You're still angry with me.
I'm not angry at you.
I'm angry at us.
I left Elliot
with complete strangers.
Don't you think it's weird
that he won't say where he was?
That's what kids do.
No.
Not Elliot.
At least not before.
What do you mean?
Haven't you noticed anything odd
with his behavior
since we've been here?
That woman at the party.
She said something weird
about Elliot.
-Who?
-- The British lady.
The eccentric.
Helen?
-She was there?
-Yeah.
She's just the crackpot in town.
Don't pay any attention to her.
Look. Elliot's just processing
a huge change.
We all are.
You and me
just need to stay calm
and not get caught up
in any of his stuff.
What do you mean. "his stuff"?
You know. like Nathan's bed
and things.
That's what makes him feel safe.
Yeah. At some point.
that sort of thing has to end.
Why don't you do something
with him. then?
Take him out.
Do guy things.
Guy things?
Yeah.
I don't know.
He just wants you
to pay him attention.
Okay.
I'll talk to him.
I'll do something with him.
Thank you.
- Stop!
You're too fast!
You're too fast.
Oh!
Mama's tired.
Oh. come on. Mom.
No. Mama's out.
Here.
-One more time?
-Come here. Mnh-mnh.
No. Mom.
Don't.
I can't kiss you anymore?
Come here.
Hey. come here.
You're still my little guy.
Hey. bud.
Dinner is almost ready.
Can you move that stuff?
Elliot.
I know you can hear me.
Why would you draw this?
You don't want to hurt Mommy.
do you?
Don't draw this again.
Okay.
Elliot!
What are you doing?!
Why'd you leave me there?
This is just a dream.
Shh. shh. shh.
Mom. what are you doing?
- I'm just putting you
in your own bed. sweetheart.
Shh. shh. shh.
Elliot.
What's wrong?
I'm not Elliot.
I'm Nathan.
Elliot's gone.
- I didn't imagine it.
That is what he said.
Rachel. don't.
Listen to me.
I know it sounds nuts.
I think so too.
But Elliot's
in some kind of trouble.
He wouldn't say
something like that otherwise.
Ever since we moved here.
he has not been himself.
And something happened to him
at that party.
Look. none of us
are our normal selves.
He says he's Nathan.
Think about that.
What kind of parents are we
if we do nothing?
- Give them back.
They're mine.
Give them back!
No. they're mine!
Elliot.
these are Nathan's toys.
I'm not Elliot!
Give them back!
They're mine!
You're not Nathan!
He's dead!
Sweetie.
Oh. sweetie.
Hey.
Mommy's sorry.
-- Okay.
-What is he saying?
Look. it's complicated.
We need help.
Do you understand me?
Help.
Your family has endured
a terrible tragedy.
a massive change.
The things you think happened.
they can sound crazy.
But to me...
...they are completely
understandable.
They're a little boy's attempts
to understand what happened
in his own limited way.
No.
No. I'm sorry.
There's something else to it.
If you saw the way --
Elliot is a mirror.
He's a reflection
of your emotions and fears.
Especially yours. Rachel.
He's leaning on you
in this difficult time.
That's why the best thing
you can do for him as a mother
is to be calm.
Do it for yourself.
not just for your son.
No.
No. no. no. no.
This isn't about me.
I brought Elliot to you because
he thinks he's his dead brother.
And you're asking me to be calm.
I can try to book you
an appointment in the city.
But that can take time.
We are not in New York.
No shit.
Come on. Elliot.
We're going.
What took you so long?
Sorry.
-I just wanted to talk to --
-Okay. Cool.
Just leave.
Excuse the mess.
-I don't ever really get guests.
-- Oh. no.
My husband was merciless
when it came to tidying.
so I think this might be
my way of rebelling.
Although I always thought I was
quite a neat person. really.
But as my father always said.
the only thing harder
than finding the truth
is accepting it.
Yes.
Now...
You came here for a reason.
Um...
You said something at the party
about my son.
What did you mean?
Are you religious. Rachel?
I used to be.
- Well. I don't know
if you've noticed.
but there's no church here.
People have lived here
since the dawn of time.
That's what brought me
and my husband here too.
A rich pagan culture.
So rich that whenever anyone
tried to build a church here.
it was burned to the ground.
What does that have to do
with Elliot?
It has everything
to do with Elliot.
Everything here is connected.
Haven't you noticed?
Everything here is round.
circular.
Look.
It's exceptional. really.
The fields. the farms.
and their yards.
Even the waterways.
They all have perfect
circular forms.
And where do they all lead?
To the sacrificial rock.
You've been there. haven't you?
I don't understand.
Well. I thought you said
you studied architecture.
Haven't you ever come across
old pagan beliefs
about the meaning of circles?
Human imperfection.
spiral of hate?
Infinite swing of the pendulum?
Sacrilege against
the Holy Trinity?
No?
When shapes were handed down
at the dawn of time.
who got the circles?
I meant what I said
at the party.
Your son has made a wish.
and it's been granted.
And that's why you're here.
It's not his dead brother
that comes to him at night.
That is something else
altogether.
The eternal incubus.
Destroyer of all virtues.
We're on his land.
This is where he dwells.
And he wants your son.
And he won't let go
till he's done.
No.
I'm sorry. Helen.
Th-This is not your fault.
It's me.
I sometimes imagine things.
and then they get out of hand.
-I'll leave you now.
-But this is what he wants.
This is what he wants --
disbelief.
So he can spin
his twisted schemes.
I should go now.
We ignore him and he wins.
Thank you. Helen.
He'll come.
And they'll take
your other son too.
Where have you been?
I was lost.
What do you mean. lost?
- Do we need to talk
about this right now?
- Rachel.
Who's there?
It wasn't just a bad dream.
It was a warning.
Helen.
I understand that.
But we're okay.
Really.
Has anyone ever told you
what happened to my husband?
He was the first one
to really understand
what was going on here.
He tried to warn us.
And of course
I didn't believe him.
I couldn't.
I just wasn't ready.
And they made him pay.
What happened to him?
He died the following spring.
What was left of him. anyway.
You see strange dreams.
don't you?
These dreams are trying to
tell you something.
No. it's just my mind
playing tricks on me.
- No.
Don't let him confuse you.
Trust your mother's instinct.
I just don't know
what's real anymore.
I know.
It happened to me too.
Please.
I need to know.
What does he want from my son?
Everything.
Rachel?
Rachel. look at me.
We'll get through this.
Elliot won't end up
like my husband.
We're not gonna let that happen.
No.
- Well. you'll just have to
trust me. all right?
You do everything that I say.
Rach. are you out here?
- Hey.
I've been looking for you.
Why aren't you swinging?
I need someone to push me.
Okay.
I'm gonna give you a push.
Ready?
Hold on tight.
-Thank you. Mommy.
Mom. faster. Faster.
- Okay.
Hold on.
No! Stop taking photos.
Stop it.
I don't want to.
Stop taking photos.
-Okay!
-Stop.
Okay.
Calm down.
What's wrong with you?
Stop it. Mommy.
- Elliot.
Don't say that.
You're being a baby right now.
Dad doesn't love me.
I hate him.
He's stupid.
Don't say that.
Dad just has so much work to do.
He doesn't mean anything by it.
No.
He doesn't like me one bit.
That is not true. Elliot.
Dad loves you.
You know that.
Come away from there.
- No. He loves
Nathan more. I know it.
Elliot. did Nathan say that
to you?
Elliot.
What is this?
What's this dirt?
Give it back!
You dug this up?
- Give me that!
It's mine!
- Rach.
What's that smell?
I was burning the milk cartons.
Sorry.
Can we talk?
Nathan would have liked it here.
Sometimes...
...I find myself thinking
maybe we were punished.
What do you mean?
Well...
We were given such an --
such an easy.
wonderful kid like Elliot
that we had to have Nathan too.
I know it's a terrible thought.
But his issues.
Rach. you were the best mother
a kid like him could have.
There were times when I...
...I wished
that he would be gone.
That it'd all end.
And then when it happened...
...there was a part of me...
There was a part of me
that felt relieved.
Rachel. don't.
I was just so exhausted.
Maybe it was my fault.
Hey.
It's okay.
Shh.
- Mom.
Sweetie.
- Elliot.
Come over here.
Elliot.
What's wrong?
Nathan wants to see you.
He won't wake up.
Come with me.
- Don't go. No.
No. don't go.
Don't go.
- Don't.
Elliot.
What's going on?
Nate's waiting.
Just look into the flame.
I'll help you.
Elliot. what is this?
Shh!
Mom. concentrate.
Nate?
Nathan?
Mom's here.
He sees you.
And says you're beautiful.
Nathan.
He sees me?
Can I see him?
Take the mirror.
Take it.
- No!
Now look at me in the mirror.
- Elliot.
Shh.
Look.
Mom.
They only want Elliot.
We give him.
and we get Nathan back.
An exchange.
Look.
It's already happened.
He's gone.
Where did he go?
Elliot's gone.
- Elliot.
Elliot!
-- Good morning.
-Mommy!
- Hi.
I made you some breakfast.
You did. did you?
Thank you.
I'm sorry I slept so late.
It's good.
You've earned it.
I'm gonna help Dad
with the well.
You are. are you?
- What have I gone
and promised this time?
Oh. yeah.
I managed to break the vacuum.
How about we all go into town
and get a new one?
Yeah!
Rach. are you coming?
Yeah.
Sounds good.
I'll be right back.
I've just got to get something.
Uh. okay.
So. did you find anything?
No.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
- Mom?
Are you there?
Mom?
Can I see the photos too?
No.
There was something wrong.
With the processing.
-I did it.
I took pictures of Elliot to see
if he had the same shadow.
-Look.
-What?
- Here.
Nothing.
Here and here and here.
All of it.
Empty.
-Rachel. there's nobody there.
-Exactly.
That's what I'm trying to say.
You see it too. right?
But you're sure that you --
Yes!
Yes.
He was right there.
I photographed him.
and now he's gone.
And this is how they came out.
See?
And you know they're not fake.
'Cause I thought about that.
too.
Look at this.
You can forge one. maybe.
in that time frame.
But not all of them.
Look.
They're all the same.
Helen. I'm not crazy.
He was there.
It's him.
Isn't it?
You believe me now. don't you?
Yes.
It's mockery.
Nothing more.
With these photos. he's saying.
"I already have your son.
There's nothing you can do
about it."
He wants you to give in
in the face of his power.
But what do we do?
Take me to your son.
If we hurry. we can make it to
Father Vasily before dawn.
He. if anyone.
will be able to help us
so we can still stop him from
attaching himself to your son.
Anthony said it
had already happened.
In my dream.
No.
That's impossible.
Not this fast.
With my husband. it took years
while the devil worked on him.
Attachment is the very last
stage of possession.
They said something else --
about an exchange.
What could that mean?
What?
Oh. God.
Oh. I have been
so fucking blind.
The twins.
The accident.
Anthony's success.
And the reason why
I haven't been able to feel
your son's presence.
What are you talking about?
It's the resurrection
of the devil.
That's why Nathan had to die.
To become his flesh.
But in order to bring him back.
they need the other twin too.
He'll tempt you
to become his new mother.
How do I know you haven't agreed
to that already?
I would never hurt my children.
Anthony?
Elliot. I want you
to meet someone.
Helen. come on in.
Helen. this is Elliot.
Elliot. this is Helen.
- No.
What's the matter?
You're sick.
Helen.
What is this?
It's okay.
These people are here
to help you.
What do you mean?
Don't hurt her!
Anthony!
Shh.
Yes.
- Mom.
You have to wake up.
Mom.
Elliot?
Where are you?
- I don't know.
It's hot.
-Elliot.
-- Help me.
Where are you?
Help me.
- No.
Please.
I can't do this.
Anthony. listen to me.
It's too late.
It's been decided.
Okay.
She will be fine.
- Elliot.
Elliot.
Oh!
-Elliot.
-Mommy!
They hurt you.
Here. No.
Wait.
Oh. God.
Are you okay?
Okay.
So we have to go now.
But we got to be really.
really quiet.
Like a game of hide-and-seek.
Nathan can help us.
No.
You don't listen to him.
Okay?
Look at me.
That is not Nathan.
Okay. Okay.
Let's go.
Go!
Shit.
Rachel!
Elliot!
Where'd you go?
Rachel!
Dad!
Stop!
-Rachel!
-Get off me!
-Dad! Don't hurt her!
-Rachel. calm down!
Rachel!
- No!
Don't hurt her!
Rachel. I don't want to do this!
Do you hear me?
Just do it.
I'm too tired
to go on with this.
Just do it!
Elliot.
- Rachel.
You just don't get it.
You really don't.
There is no twin.
There's no Elliot!
He's not real.
We lost our only son that day.
And you were right.
I was drinking that night.
Even though I said I wouldn't.
I did.
But I didn't drive.
You did.
You got angry
and said you'd leave me.
You'd had enough.
But I didn't realize
that you took Nathan with you.
You had the accident. Rach.
Don't listen to him!
Let's go!
We lost our only son that day.
-Nathan.
-Shut up!
- You closed yourself
off. denied it. blamed me.
I lost you both.
Don't listen to him!
He's lying!
And then. suddenly...
...a miracle.
Elliot.
He just went down.
You invented him. Rachel.
And my only mistake
was to let you imagine him.
But for the first time
in a long while. you were happy.
- In the name
of the Father and the Son
and the Holy Spirit.
Dear Heavenly Father. thank you.
- Elliot became
our reason to live.
He made us a family again.
But we couldn't live like that.
It became harder and harder
to keep our secret.
Everyone said it has to stop.
but they hadn't seen
what I had seen.
Without Elliot. you could have
just as well been dead.
That's why I did it.
You miss him. don't you?
Elliot.
They would've taken Elliot
from you.
That's why we had
no other choice.
Elliot. you can't just run off
like that.
Do you hear me?!
Do you see all the dangers
around here?
What saved you would destroy us.
I'm gonna get you!
Day after day. you sank deeper.
-Fuck!
Rachel!
I didn't know what to do
at that point.
You're sick.
I was losing you. Rachel.
- Anthony!
Anthony!
I did it all out of love.
Rachel.
Look. All of this will become
clear if you just accept it.
-Don't listen to him!
-It's the only sensible answer.
He's lying!
You know the truth.
I'm right here!
No devil. no possession.
Just clarity.
Shut up!
Mom!
It's okay. honey.
It's okay.
Let it come.
You can see it now.
I know you can see it.
The truth.
Mom. they're gonna kill me!
Elliot!
Hey.
Sweetheart.
You don't believe me anymore.
Oh. darling.
Come here.
Hey.
Of course I believe you.
Look at me.
You're my son.
And I love you.
I love you so much.
Okay.
Go this way.
No.
- Rachel.
Rachel. listen to me.
Now. you're not well.
Okay?
No one wants to hurt you.
We want to help.
I thought we could fix it all.
that we could finally
be free of Elliot.
-Shut up!
-- Rachel!
He's not real.
He's not fucking real!
No!
Elliot.
Rachel.
Elliot. I'm coming.
Mama's coming.
- No!
This ends now!
He's not real.
He's not fucking real!
No!
Elliot!
Ah.
You all right?
Yeah.
I'm just a little bit tired.
It's done.
I'm free.
What about you guys?
Rach. we good to go?
Well. are we ready?
- Yeah!
Let's do this.
- Let's do this.